okay hello and welcome to the Jay s core
dev team weekly sync it is the is Monday
it is the 11th of March
it is 2019 it's very nice to see all
your faces if you are here please put
your name on the attendees list in the
crypt pad I will further in the chat
just now for you and if you are here and
would like to share with us your weekly
update then please do add it to that
same crypt iPad a reminder if you don't
if you're not usually on this on the Jay
s core dev team but you are on a
different working group or team and you
would like to share some some wins or
updates then there's a section for that
at the bottom of the document now so we
can get some updates if you if you like
please send it in if you've got
something to share you you are quite
welcome and we'll try and get to you
should there be time left and cool all
right
so normally we we ask for a note taker
and volga has volunteered this week
Thank You Volker and now what happens is
we go through our weekly updates and we
tell each other what we did last week
what we're currently blocked on and what
we will do this week so let's start at
the top of the list
my name is first so I will I will give
you the rundown
okay so me I have did a little bit of
helping out to plugging the DHT hundred
percent CPU usage is not a lot but gosh
go and Jacob had both been helping with
that and yeah things are getting better
so hack Deus has submitted via which I
reviewed to the NGO idea first step to
make it better I was looking at it
anyway because there's a new go IDF s
release out and we need to update that
module but he submitted a PR to so that
the versions and the architectures and
and platform support are no longer
hard-coded they come from the disk site
so it determines what it can be
installed by looking at the
that tells you what's available so
that's much better than having a second
copy of it in the module so that's good
and there's a release a pre-release out
at the moment so we can just check that
it works and hopefully that will be out
really soon and we can start using it in
our tests okay so the types and
utilities were previously on the ipfs
instance so you'd have to if you wanted
to use some of the types like a CID or
like a multi a data type or or the is
ipfs tool then you had to instantiate
and I could have node or I guess s
client before being able to access them
so what I've done is moved those out
from the instance and so they're now
just a thing you can require they're
just on the IVFs constructor as
properties on that so you can grab
hölderlin without having to create an
idea of s note first so that's kind of
much more useful and I added a enable
enable enable preload CLI flag and sort
of demon because I realized that I
wanted to do some DHT testing but in the
demon there's actually no way of
disabling disabling pre-loading via like
the config that gets saved so there's
now just a quick flag which will allow
us to disable pre-loading so that we can
test the DHT is that everything's
working so that was a kind requirement
for that
I hope endure cool I'm gonna pee off a
displaying version right ok so go ipfs
has recently started displaying like the
versions of going the version of the
actual go ipfs and some kind of system
architecture and and platform
information as well and so I just
quickly opened of PR to do the same with
Jas daemon and so that's kind of quick
and easy thing and so they're kind of
really cool one is we had a new
contributor who who opened a PR which
was solving an issue that Lydell opened
which was being able to listen on what
Paul ports and dresses for the API and
the gateway so now instead of listening
on just one address you can listen on
multiple if you want so you can listen
to honor IP before address in an ipv6
one which is really cool so IKEA and
Gateway that now is now supported so
hooray and thank you to the contributor
I forget the name sorry alright what
else so ok boring stuff debug prefixes
change from Jeff cyberfest to you just
I'd be a first just normalizing that and
yeah okay so I know another example and
I did a whole bunch of interviews last
week so I actually didn't get a lot of
time to do any coding last week so okay
0:35 release is still blocked on getting
the DHT sorted we are a lot we are
making good progress with that the I now
have a node that will actually stay
running for a long time which is great
thanks to the work that you did fixing
up the lock file so it no longer errors
when the event loop is hogged so that's
good we can we can yeah it hasn't quite
been released yet but it I've tried out
been trying out today and it works so
that's good
and Jacob has been doing some
investigation and has been has
identified that issues with care
disconnection events so basically the
connection manager was not no wood
didn't like it it wasn't getting the it
was getting too many disconnect events I
think and so it it just it was getting
rid of too many peers or something I
mean it didn't know how many how many
peers they actually were connected
basically so it wasn't able to manage
connections properly so we're getting
closer next up I'm still going to be
debugging the hopefully solving the
understand CPU issue and helping out
with that where I can and then I wanted
to move on to testing DHT after that was
sold I mean this is kind of part of it
and then if I have time then more work
on the async Interactive's endeavor and
more work towards CID b1 basically -
included stuff
I'm sorry that's really long update
would anyone does anyone have any
questions if no questions then the pop
next person from the stack Vasco you are
next would you like to share with us
your update l so I mostly was working in
the loop to interrupt last week as we
need to to get the tests really nearby
done and so muslim' my time wasn't that
I praised the PR for the DHD interrupt
test which is still blocked now with an
issue in the goal EPA determined that
hopefully we'll get soft this week I
also added support for web service for
RJ's lakpha demon and also to the client
and I also added support for streams in
the demon client as well other than that
I really I started reviewed the
migration twisting the arts from dark MC
which I promised you a long time ago but
finally I did some reviews to the
Liberty record and Jessica Ennis I
started a review for the cod DHT as well
but it's a really really big PR and I
haven't finished yet I started with an
initial feedback then I also did today a
debug regarding the purpose of issue
that Alex the reports basically there is
the limits with with the module there's
the full length yeah pulling prefixed
but you we need to discuss larger
because basically go will go limits the
size of messages to one megabyte while
we actually limit because of that module
to four megabytes but
alex is eating more than that so I need
to discuss with him how can we solve
that then I am what I said in the DHD
interrupts s because of an issue with
the NGO HP Duman and for this week I
want to have more time to work with the
HDD test and debug she also wants to
finish the review of gossip segmentation
which I also started driving submitted
yet and also move further with the pr's
for the interrupt that now I will wait
for checkup to review and try to have
them released this week oh that's
everything for me anyone next question
all right Thank You Vaska okay if no
more questions no I mean no questions
then we have next we have Alex next I
say I addressed all the comments on the
blog post I was writing one of the
things that came off occurred the
natesan under liability in the service I
was looking into looking into that and I
found them like arrows appearing the
logs that were kind of weird like you
would write something to an effect and
then try and read it out and it wouldn't
be there I thought maybe it was
something to you is s3 because when you
push things into s3 then you know if you
do a read immediately you might not get
the thing that you just push I think it
depends which region you're in now let's
go red herring turns out that there
there's some weirdness with so deeply
nested shards and like updating the
shots that the the importer is fine it's
just when you when you update it
yourself so I looked into it and it
turned out that there are some extra
nodes getting added like intermediate
nodes and the ham shot which causes
problems when you try and read it back
because the structure is not predictable
which is super tedious so I uncovered
that and I have a fixed locally for I'm
going to expand the intro test to do
more stuff around hand is beyond tedious
trying to debug this because you want to
try and create a minimal structure in a
hamp shot that you can express the
problem with but the problem is that
everything is prefixed with a number and
a number is based on hash in the
filename and in order to create a
structure you need to be able to predict
what file names will result in which
hashes which is kind of a hard problem
with hashing because it's the place to
not go in that direction
anyway so it's a case of like running
things forever until you generate
basically like a rainbow table kind of
thing you can then use to construct
earth you know the structure that you're
trying to get so that was beyond tedious
anyway so I get like I said I have to
fix so that is cool I'm gonna get the PR
in later
like maybe just even you maybe tomorrow
I also helped out Volker with some
fairly epic bike shedding on the IPO D
API
hopefully we we can ship something there
lovely draw a line under it and then no
more comments going to go for the next
round of changes also did a whole bunch
of into use cool stuff that I think is
me next week ok well this week I'm going
to have you know finished that PR and
then hopefully get on to the running of
the missing features to J sake of
essence in any questions sciences
compliance I have a question about about
the you said the actually generating the
data was really tedious is that did you
come up with any like a way of doing it
or is it literally just that the only
way is to just run run stuff until
something comes out that
there's what you want or is there some
sort of tool we can make to make it
easier I don't come on really good where
am I
just beautiful okay all right
if there's no other questions we've got
thank you Alex and we've got Vulcan next
please would you like to share with us
so I next meeting about the New Jersey
guy and as I'm from the conference this
week and so one has comments on em
actually I is linked here so please take
your comments because next week everyone
to make the call and then yeah we go
with something and the energy words
making hints and it's a mini version so
basically having a CI diversion in the
right way with little bit and see how
this if then screams and next week I
will attend a conference and geo
conference in Germany and spread the
word about my penis
and finally and that's all I have okay
cool thank you vaca any questions for
Volker we're here Alex well so we need
to do on the IPO dapi to ship it and
just make decision in this probably yeah
so so I spend a bit more time seeing if
I even really hit single version and
many women makes it so basically so
getting
many make sense because then everyone is
happy and the eyes into men if you have
basically consists in Russian or if you
have many just add many today that's
total personal I think that's a good way
to move forward I'm gonna take another
look as well say alright know if I
should okay I mean I have opinions I
can't help it I thank you vodka next up
is Hugo mr. Diaz hey guys so what I've
been doing I took a look into the
produce cool stuff they had a issue with
a with a view web part build basically
all they found out like a workaround to
fix the issue
basically the node wasn't starting but
the word run is kind of ugly even though
it works so I took a look out can we
could we fix it properly basically we
just need to run ipfs through the bubble
throw bubble it's a really easy fix
it was just a matter of understanding
what how view CLI works I will do a
playlist to fix that issue and probably
make some issues with some suggestions
especially the browser lists set up they
have which is probably making their
bundle like huge and by losing like 1%
support for like browsers they can
reduce a lot
in the bundle because right now they are
supporting like like weary browsers and
stuff like that I also fixed the lock
file issue that we've been having
regarding like sleeping issues and event
not even folks like being too busy to
handle all the stuff they our notes need
to do that should be fixed Alan took a
look at into it and I think now I shoes
like just really isn't make the pull
requests and also looked into I think we
know testing to the p2p which has been a
problem because like Travis just doesn't
work and I cannot find out why or fix it
so basically what I try to do is use
easier pipelines to doing just a simple
a doc setup for lead PHP just to run
Windows nothing else everything else
runs as as it runs right now on Travis
just so they can run two tests on
Windows this is not like actually
running yet because the permissions and
stuff is weird I've been talking with
Raul to set up this stuff and probably
today we will get that sorted out and
that should be good to go so from next
week make the I assume actually be fork
into a proper package so we can include
it on HTTP clients and move work on as I
already talked about the pro scope ER
and I think it's Reiter's for the
reticle for the rest of the week anyone
has any questions thank you for looking
at for school no problem
I have a question how do you feel about
submitting at PR to JSI PFS adding an
example for you is that worth it
quite a lot of you users so it would be
nice to have like a this is how you view
with ipfx yeah sure it's all in it I'm
just gonna like do a quick share so you
actually understand what's the so the
fix can you see my code
yeah so it's just like this on the real
config
so yeah I'll do a public by setting an
example yeah I think it's just like I
yeah I appreciate that super small but
just having something that people can
copy/paste is this just really useful
for people actually there's this
basically fix the fixes the issue that
all we found but right now we have
another issue which has to do with
sometimes we use set immediate without
requiring requiring the package because
we are used to like web pack including
the polyfill but the view web parking
fee it's weird and does not include it
so we need to like fix about about
Switch we probably doing it in other
places yeah we we need to fix that
yeah I had no clue where all the
immediate error things were coming from
I totally lucked out that I figured that
out for me rent okay yeah we need to fix
that I'm cool all right thank you you go
I have no wait do I have another
question
oh yeah so that the bundling the
bundling PRS I would really like to get
them into 0:35 and we're getting closer
with the DHT if you get this stream HTTP
into its own package what is the
difficulties that kind of Delta between
us getting right after that's released
to getting Jace IVFs the PR on JSI VFS
merged we need big beads release and it
should be it should be it should be
straight forward from there
the PTP should be able to be released
they well I was talking to Josh go and
Jacobs last week and they said they'd do
it they could do it this week so yeah
okay cool all right thank you
next up we have Zayn cool
happy much it was actually kind of busy
with everything this week but fix the
jaya status or file system PR but i'm
come hitting issues with see i just need
to like start Travis CI and that repo
but I'm not sure exactly all the bits
and bobs they need to put place jst
historic or its failing the browser test
for CI but passing locally so again I
just kind of need to either replicate
the sort of karma role running stack and
then like sort of test that and figure
out what's going wrong there and pretty
much so it's the same as last week but
this week I'm gonna actually do it which
is just like fixing the various PR as I
have outstanding cool so the sea-ice
Travis CI support has been probably
worth like sent sending a separate PR
for sorting that out and on the as year
readme Hugo has documented everything
you need to do to get it set up so if
you're interested in also helping out
with that then that would be rad yeah
yeah if you can send a separate PR and
like like you guys just mentioned in the
chat just mention him and he can
hopefully help you take it over the line
okay cool
alright we're at the end of the list
is there any other questions for Zane
before we move on cool thank you
alright cross team updates let's go
we've got a couple minutes left light oh
you're up first
hi I like very very quick update is that
our gateway on the divet link domain
supports HTTP so you sort of can start
using today
which is quite nice and another also
related to move to the base 42 c ad
version one is that I created a burst
bird's-eye view of all the ongoing and
already closed
pls related to the effort across both go
and jeaious entire ecosystems and I sort
of tried to at least make some sort of a
sense and separate them in different
milestones sort of so it's a work in
progress if you are working on that or
have worked in the past just glance at
it if something looks off fix it or let
me know and I'll update it if anything
is missing and should be added there or
if you feel we should change the way we
we are tracking this if there should be
like a separate milestone that should be
coordinated across the teams it also
should be reflected there just just
putting it there on the map and that's
all online listen thank you I know that
seriously super helpful issue I saw that
earlier um cool moving straight out any
questions for Lydell quickly sorry okay
would you like to miss your opportunity
yes so my biggest request for this group
is that I am working on a roadmap for
proto school and I would love your help
thinking about what content either
content tutorials etc or features are
necessary in proto school in order to
help us meet the educational needs that
you have for your project so what's next
up in ipfs what are the things that
people are having trouble understanding
how to do where the format that we have
would be useful so I've left a link
there to an issue where you can comment
on that and that could include workshops
that make sense for ipfs camp it could
include stuff that's totally different
and then there are just links here if
anyone's interested in seeing more about
the direction I'm going in with the
files API tutorial you can find links to
the PR that's in progress and the issue
there Thank You Terry
[Music]
alright and then Molly has had to run to
the go up your first weekly the meetup
but wait she says go ipfs team I started
using circle CI fair enough go I give
this repo and really liking it so far
yeah nice I think Jenkins has been
terminated so that's great
tentatively plans so you roll out this
opportunity to see two other go ipfs
ecosystem repos cool that's that's good
news we are feeling better on our CI
front I hope everyone like I've
certainly been having less issues
getting CI to actually pass for Jessup
EFS like I just leave it and then it it
passes and then on the occasional event
that it doesn't pass I can restart just
the one I want to restart and it works
and that's it so now I'm very happy I
know Windows is a bit slow but hopefully
hopefully Travis without and if not will
mr. circle but yeah maybe thank you all
for joining us for this for this round
of updates this week it's been super fun
and I will await so Evernote's sorry
okay if echo is partially unavailable
next week
vmx not available from Tuesday to
Saturday he's going to the conference
like you said okay thank you alright bye
everyone really nice to see you and see
you next week all right